---
id: rzhsz
name: SorryCypress
file_version: 1.0.2
app_version: 0.7.1-0
---

Sorry Cypress is an open-source, on-premise, self-hosted alternative to Cypress dashboard.

<br/>

It allows us to run tests in parallel, upload screenshots & videos to GCP, integrate with 3rd party tools, and view test results in a very easy and convenient way.

<br/>

As Sorry-Cypress is an on-premise software, it runs on Swimm's VM at GCP's Compute Engine on different ports.The VM is exposed to the internet through GCP's load balancer, which includes a backend service for each Sorry-Cypress's services (each of the used ports).

<br/>

It relies on 5 different services which run on same VM as 5 docker images via docker-compose:

<br/>

dashboard - Dashboard runs on port 80 .Responsible for showing test results, videos, screenshots, and more details about specific run, and notifying director service about which test it should run next.Runs on CYPRESS_URL/dashboard.

<br/>

director - Director runs on port 19061.Responsible for parallelization and coordination of test runs, saving the test results, integrating with 3rd party apps (such as GH, Slack, and general webhooks), and generate signed upload url for saving media (failed test screenshot, test run video).When running one or few agents ('instances') of cypress run, using the service url (CYPRESS_API_URL, each agent reach the service to get instructions of which test spec to run next.After the agent finish the run, it reports to the service the result of the run, and gets a new test spec to run, until all tests are done. This service is the core for managing parallelization and different runs, and it also responsible for saving the test results to the db (mongo).Runs on CYPRESS_URL/director. **Note:** director is open and is accessible for all.We protect it by allowing only calls to the service that supply specific key on its payload CYPRESS_DIRECTOR_KEY.

<br/>

api - API runs on port 10653.This is the 3rd and last Sorry-Cypress-related service.It is an Apollo server that is being used by the dashboard service. It lets query the data stored in the database by the director service.Runs on CYPRESS_URL/api.

<br/>

minio - Minio runs on port 9000 .Sorry-Cypress integrates with either AWS S3, or other cloud services through minio, which is responsible for making other clouds (GCP, Azure, NAS, etc.) compatible for to be used as an S3 storage.This service stores the media from director service in the vm's disk storage.See also Minio on SC docs.Runs on CYPRESS_URL/minio. **Note:** minio is open port and is accessible for all.It is protected though, by the fact the attacker has to know the bucket-name we use and to brute-force the key of the storage item

<br/>

mongo - Mongo runs on port 27017.Local mongo server is running on the vm to store all the runs data.See also Mongo on SC docs. **Note:** port 27017 is NOT an open port and is not accessible for all, but only inside the VM, therefore it is also does not run on CYPRESS_URL.


<br/>

This file was generated by Swimm. [Click here to view it in the app](https://swimm.io/link?l=c3dpbW0lM0ElMkYlMkZyZXBvcyUyRloybDBhSFZpSlROQkpUTkJjM1J2YTJVdGQyVmhkR2hsY2lVelFTVXpRVUZrWkdsbFEyOW9aVzQlM0QlMkZkb2NzJTJGcnpoc3o=).